gitbook/additional-community-resources/communities.md, before:

---
description: >-
  Network with like-minded individuals through the available mainframe
  communities.
---

# Communities

{% hint style="warning" %}
The list below highlights several mainframe-related communities. With the exception of the Open Mainframe Project, neither this project nor Open Mainframe Project reviews, maintains, or endorses any one of these communities.
{% endhint %}

| Title                                                            | Description                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [SHARE](https://www.share.org)                                   | The primary user-group for anything mainframe related                        |
| [IDUG](https://www.idug.org/home)                                | The hub for Db2 professionals all over the world                             |
| [Open Mainframe Project](https://www.openmainframeproject.org)   | Gathering open source in the mainframes                                      |
| [IBM Z and LinuxONE Community](https://www.ibm.com/community/z/) | Rich community for IBM Z users to exchange ideas and connect with each other |

Commit message:

GITBOOK-284: Added a link to the Discord server under the 'Communities' section.

gitbook/additional-community-resources/communities.md, after:

---
description: >-
  Network with like-minded individuals through the available mainframe
  communities.
---

# Communities

{% hint style="warning" %}
The list below highlights several mainframe-related communities. With the exception of the Open Mainframe Project, neither this project nor Open Mainframe Project reviews, maintains, or endorses any one of these communities.
{% endhint %}

| Title                                                                              | Description                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [SHARE](https://www.share.org)                                                     | The primary user-group for anything mainframe related                        |
| [IDUG](https://www.idug.org/home)                                                  | The hub for Db2 professionals all over the world                             |
| [Open Mainframe Project](https://www.openmainframeproject.org)                     | Gathering open source in the mainframes                                      |
| [IBM Z and LinuxONE Community](https://www.ibm.com/community/z/)                   | Rich community for IBM Z users to exchange ideas and connect with each other |
| [System Z Enthusiasts](https://discord.gg/system-z-enthusiasts-880322471608344597) | Discord community dedicated to the sharing of all things related to System Z |
