---
description: >-
  An introductory overview of more than 30 key terms used in mainframe
  management.
---

# Video: Talk Like a Mainframer

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/hwmRsloRAS8" %}

Here are key terms and their explanation, for your future reference:&#x20;

1. **Advent:** An abnormal end, often associated with a job or task on the mainframe. It is not a crisis but an issue with the system. Return codes or reason codes provide information about the condition.
2. **Job Log or SIS Log:** An information dump that helps diagnose issues when an abnormal end (advent) occurs. It includes messages on the consoles and logs events 15 minutes before and five minutes after the advent.
3. **CPU Utilization:** Refers to Central Processing Unit utilization. It could be an issue causing abnormal ends to tasks or jobs.
4. **ACK (Acknowledgment):** Shorthand for acknowledgment or confirmation. Commonly used in the mainframe community to indicate understanding or agreement.
5. **APAR (Authorized Program Analysis Report):** A report that helps identify and analyze bugs in the mainframe system. It is the initial step in the bug-fixing process.
6. **PTF (Program Temporary Fix):** A fix created after validating and approving a temporary fix (APAR). Despite the term "temporary," the PTF is the general fix released to address the identified bug.
7. **Batch Job:** Automated processes that run at specific times, often during low usage periods like midnight. These jobs handle tasks such as generating reports, like financial or inventory reports.
8. **BCP (Base Control Program):** The core of the ZOS (z/OS) operating system, located in Building 708 in Poughkeepsie. It includes components like Supervisor GRS, Workflow Manager, SSM, and IOCP. Mainframers sometimes refer to ZOS as BCP.
9. **CICS (Customer Information Control System):** Middleware subsystem on the mainframe optimized for high transaction volumes. Also referred to as CICS. It handles customer information and is crucial for optimizing the mainframe's transaction capabilities.
10. **CEC (Central Electronic Complex):** Often called "the box," it's the core hardware of the mainframe. It includes components like the CPU, memory, communication channels, controllers, and power supply. Also interchangeably referred to as C, box, or CPC (Central Processor Complex).
11. **IPL (Initial Program Load):** A process required by system administrators or CIS admins for system maintenance and security. It involves loading the initial program to start or restart the system.
12. **IPL (Initial Program Load):** Loading the operating system into main memory, traditionally done during a system reboot (IPL). In modern times, updates and patches can be done concurrently, known as a concurrent upgrade.
13. **Coupling Facility (CF):** A facility that enables parallel sysplex on the mainframe. It handles caching, listing, and blocking, ensuring consistent and accurate data across systems.
14. **IMS (Information Management System):** A subsystem for transactional processing, often used for managing databases and terminal networks. Commonly utilized by governments in Europe.
15. **ESM (External Security Manager):** A security product on the mainframe, part of the trio including CA ACF2, CA Top Secret, and IBM RACF. It implements security programs on the mainframe.
16. **FICON (Fiber Channel):** Channels for storage communication in the mainframe. Proprietary channels for I/O to storage and back.
17. **OSSA (Open Systems Adapter):** A network interface card (NIC) for the mainframe, facilitating communication with other systems. Often used for disaster recovery in top-tier banks and airlines.
18. **Parallel Sysplex:** A part of the z/OS operating system that allows communication across multiple systems or mainframes. It can create a global parallel sysplex for high-end parallel processing.
19. **HMC (Hardware Management Console):** A desktop-like device that communicates with the mainframe, facilitating hardware management. Commonly seen in data centers.
20. **JCL (Job Control Language):** Job control statements used for creating jobs and reports on the mainframe. Often jokingly referred to as "Just Copy Language."
21. **LPAR (Logical Partition):** Logical partitioning of a single piece of hardware into multiple systems. It provides redundancy and allows running multiple images on a single box.
22. **LIC (Licensed Internal Code):** Firmware or microcode running directly on mainframe hardware. Updates are often referred to as microcode releases (MCLs).
23. **MSU (Million Service Units):** A measurement unit for the work consumption or the amount of service on the mainframe. Refers to the processing capacity.
24. **SMF (System Management Facilities):** Records generated by the mainframe, often numbered (e.g., SMF type 89), providing information on system usage. SMF type 89 is crucial for consumption-based pricing.
25. **PAX File:** The suite of installation files for a product on the mainframe. Used during the installation process.
26. **SSMPE (System Modification Program Extended):** Mainframe's method for controlling changes to the operating system. It is used for installing and making software changes.
27. **SMFS (System Management Facilities Records):** Records generated by the mainframe, often referenced by numbers (e.g., SMF type 89). SMF type 89 provides usage information for products on the system.
