materials/Mainframe Getting Started.md, before:

# Why to learn about Mainframe
- Mainframe is around since 1950s, that`s why, if you had already heard about Mainframe it may sounds like something old. Others might never heard about Mainframe.
- Mainframe is a growth area, since it`s begining with the contribution to the NASA studies, until today supporting most of our daily transactions 
- Mainframe is employment. stastics? 

# What are the skills required to start on a Mainframe Job
- Basic skills
- Career in Mainframe

# What is Mainframe
- We invite you to watch this video that presents Mainframe in an easy and fun way: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2qJTXO8dEE&feature=youtu.be
- Prior to go further it is extremelly important that you understand why mainframe is important nowadays.
Take this quick quiz to find out more: https://www.facebook.com/IBMZ/app/157078981016975/
- Mainframe Client`s 
Now that you learned that Mainframe is behind most of our daily transaction, business and industry, that`s important to understand what is the Digital tranformation.
- Learn more about Mainframe history: https://www.computerhistory.org/revolution/mainframe-computers/7/166
- Finally let`s walkthru Mainframe. In this Virtual tour you can reach the mainframe machine, open doors, remove swtches and understand how Mainframe Hardware looks like today.
http://m.kaon.com/c/ib

# Mainframe and Digital Transformation
Mainframe is committed with the innovation to bring the best infrastructure enabling the best user experience. 
- Data Integration
- Intuitive Interaction 
- Collaboration
To enable this environment new technologies are now available to Mainframe customers to improve their experience towards the Digital Transformation
## New Products & Tools
- zOS Management Facility
- ZOWE

## Important Methodologies in Mainframe
As the same way the technologies grow, the collaboration and integration amoung all ecossistem that interacts with Mainframe should follow the same trend. A Mainframe professional should be ready to work with newest concepts and methodologies to better leverage the IT resources.
- Devops Concepts in a Z Ecossistem
- Agile & Design Thinking

Commit message:

Update Mainframe Getting Started.md

materials/Mainframe Getting Started.md, after:

# Why to learn about Mainframe
- Mainframe is around since 1950s, that`s why, if you had already heard about Mainframe it may sounds like something old. Others might never heard about Mainframe.
- Mainframe is a growth area, since it`s begining with the contribution to the NASA studies, until today supporting most of our daily transactions 
- Mainframe is employment. stastics? 

# What are the skills required to start on a Mainframe Job
- Basic skills
- Career in Mainframe

# What is Mainframe
- We invite you to watch this video that presents Mainframe in an easy and fun way: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2qJTXO8dEE&feature=youtu.be
- Prior to go further it is extremelly important that you understand why mainframe is important nowadays.
Take this quick quiz to find out more: https://www.facebook.com/IBMZ/app/157078981016975/
- Mainframe Client`s 
Now that you learned that Mainframe is behind most of our daily transaction, business and industry, that`s important to understand what is the Digital tranformation.
- Learn more about Mainframe history: https://www.computerhistory.org/revolution/mainframe-computers/7/166
- Finally let`s walkthru Mainframe. In this Virtual tour you can reach the mainframe machine, open doors, remove swtches and understand how Mainframe Hardware looks like today.
http://m.kaon.com/c/ib

##Mainframe
In the past, the term Mainframe was synonymous with the hardware (S360/370/390 chips) and software (MVS, VM, VSE).  However, nowadays, term mainframe now has a more complex meaning.  
The term Mainframe must be divided into two meanings.  (1) the hardware (Z-Series chip) and (2) the operating systems supported by the Z-Series chip (Z/VM, Z/OS, Z/VSE, Linux).  
###1. Mainframe Hardware:  
Z-Series CPU chips.  Supports Z/VM, Z/OS, Z/VSE, Linux operating systems, and open source software.  Also supports Hybrid Cloud technology.  Mainframe hardware includes outboard I/O and encryption CPUs, Hyper Channels, redundant power supplies, and resilience.
###2. Mainframe Software:  
Z-Series software – this software is what is traditionally referred to as VM, z/VM, MVS, MVS/XA, MVS/ESA, z/OS, VSE or z/VSE.  These operating systems have evolved and used over the last 50 years.  Mainframe software has evolved from a purely batch oriented system using only JCL to incorporating real time interfaces and Unix System Service.  Mainframe software has progressed to being compatible to distributed systems, the most notable innovating being ZOWE.  

# Mainframe and Digital Transformation
Mainframe is committed with the innovation to bring the best infrastructure enabling the best user experience. 
- Data Integration
- Intuitive Interaction 
- Collaboration
To enable this environment new technologies are now available to Mainframe customers to improve their experience towards the Digital Transformation
## New Products & Tools
- zOS Management Facility
- ZOWE

## Important Methodologies in Mainframe
As the same way the technologies grow, the collaboration and integration amoung all ecossistem that interacts with Mainframe should follow the same trend. A Mainframe professional should be ready to work with newest concepts and methodologies to better leverage the IT resources.
- Devops Concepts in a Z Ecossistem
- Agile & Design Thinking
